e
well good morning folks how are you hope
you had a nice
weekend checking uh Twitter you guys can
let me know you can hear me
okay thank you fellas appreciate
it all right so we
are open for business
here opening
range Gap
high at uh
2222.5
so always starting the opening
range with that initial
bias for
[Music]
we have no news today or Tuesday and
then we have CPI and PPI later in the
week so there's going to be a lot of
volatility towards the end of the
week price should be slow but still
clean on Monday and Tuesday this week
again as a reminder we're always looking
for that
uh that mid Gap
so we're looking
around 2,179 a half
take you out on
a five minute
chart show you the PLL of liquidity
there minor cell
side minor buy
side those are two pools of
liquidity that I'm focusing on primarily
this morning initially uh beyond that we
have
this low here and let me have
this back here for primary by
side and primary cell side I'll leave
them up here for a second so you can put
them on your chart
I'm going to try to do very little
talking today I believe I'm getting what
my wife and kids have had so I'm trying
to preserve my voice otherwise I won't
be able to speak at
[Music]
all so only when it's sailing I'll I'll
mention
something so
that's the initial
draw for
[Music]
e
I'd like to see that stay
open right here on the 15sec
chart
for
e e
so far we don't have a one minute fa
value got
yet but I noted the uh the 15c one for
you
full Gap closure would be all the way up
here mid Gap is here 20,
1795 it's always the initial
draw for the first 30 minutes
I'm watching this volume and bounce on
the one minute chart on the left side I
don't want to annotate it because I
don't want too much stuff on the chart
this
morning you're going to hear my puppy
snoring s
sorry is what it is
is for
so far A little disorganized this
morning
earlier you already mentioned I'd rather
see that stay open the fact that we came
down and hit
it puts you on the sidelines till
e e
okay we got a
first FA value got on my minute
initial
though taken here so we'll see what we
get
after having done
so for
there's nothing for you to do Caleb you
have this sit
still for
I'd prefer it to try to climb back above
first present the fair value gap on the
one minute chart treat to inversion on
the Bight and get back to
midgap midgap gives me
better visibility for the rest of the
morning
session for
using inversion fair value Gap here then
rallying subsequent fair value Gap after
that that would be the entry not just
trading back into
it it's too disorganized so far as they
use the first return back into it
coming back after a weekend everybody's
choing at the bit to to get into a trade
this is when you want to be slow slow to
act
10 and a half minutes left opening range
now ideally it should go higher from
here it wants to go to that mid Gap
where it's at and how it's trading is
it's
fairly probable
but it has to displace away from it just
can't be sitting in it and trade away
from it that's not the entry you all
words excuse me
it's behaving like it wants to go for a
deeper run on sside
see how it touched the first presentive
here got right
here on one minute chart that's the
shitty little area I'm trying to keep it
light because I don't want to have all
this stuff on my chart but I know it's
going to be hard for you to track what
I'm talking about I don't have it on
there in some
capacity e
see how demanding the
initial fair value Gap trade above it
expected to see as inversion fair value
Gap displays higher then a subsequent
fair value Gap that's the trade being in
here not the trade minor sell side has
been
taken now I would suspect if it was
going to go for the mid Gap at
all before taking out the lower cell
side it would need to do it here
otherwise it's just going to stay heavy
throughout the morning and leave that
gap for right
now see these smooth lows right
here one minute chart
[Music]
opening range traded back to 3/4s I'm
sorry lower quadrant of the opening
range Gap that's mid Gap lower quadrant
and then upper quadrant and then
previous Friday
settlement for
yeah
[Music]
for
e for
[Music]
e
no reason to be in there yet Caleb
another minute left opening
range e
[Music]
for e
I'm trying to keep the audio commentary
like today in case you just signed in
I'd like to see where it's at right here
I'd like to see it try to make an
attempt to get back into first presented
Fair Gap that's the the Gap over here on
the one minute
chart that's this one right there
that
candle defined by this candle's high
that candle's
low if it doesn't run above it ENT Tre
end inversion and display higher and
create a fair Val you got there I'm not
touching
it for
[Music]
now if I was inclined to be bearish
today and I'm not saying I won't be
later on if something provides that
information to me but as I right now I'm
not interested in being
short but I return back into the open PR
price here if it hits that and displaces
lower after that that would indicate
potential weakness I would not sell
short on that but that's that's how we
would use the opening range Gap because
we've been we've been below
it but I'm more interested in seeing it
trade Above This Gap right there which
is this Gap specifically on the one that
chart I want to see a trade above it
come back down react off of it display
higher and then any fair value G that
forms on the 15sec chart over here I
would use that as a run into
midgut otherwise all of this here
absolutely useless to me I'm not trading
it I wouldn't want my son trading it you
still in your
hands knowing why you're still is more
important than where the next entry is
I'm going to maximize just the 15-second
chart
like to see that portion stay open
[Music]
for
fair value Gap after running off of
it first present the fair value Gap so
while it did give a little bit of a run
no fair value G formed no
trade if then or
else and at this moment since we've
completed the first 30 minutes of
trading I like to look back and see what
price has done see how anybody may have
been caught off
guard who would be positioned heavy who
would be
positioned on a breakout from right
now in other words they would be a short
seller if taken out here or they'd be
going long breaking out above
here I don't trade that way but I like
to look at it from that perspective
the buy side above here has been tagged
we're back inside the middle of the
range
see how none of this hurts you Caleb
knowing what you're looking
for you're not getting caught up in all
of this range bound deliver
going to give it till 15 minutes after
10 nothing materializes on to cut bait
for today it'll be just a good exercise
on
patience so far none none of this in
here I'm interested in any of that I
would not expect my son to be able to
trade in
this which indicates that the Aton
should be a little bit better if this is
going to be the morning session that
means lunch macro and afternoon session
will be better
better in the sense that the setups will
be cleaner easier to identify whereas
right now nothing really stands
out the things I would wait for I'm
instructing Caleb to be aware of they're
not materializing so there's no trade
there's no losing trade there's no
missed opportunity nothing's happened so
far
e
e for
quiet
e
maximize this
St here
if you look at
the the 15minute time
frame we're stuck in all of
this price action right here that's
what's making this morning difficult in
London
if you look at what we
have this was Friday's presented first
presented faor you got in white then we
have the opening of the week there so
that's his new week opening Gap
consequent encroachment sells off in
Balance there's a volume in Balance
you'll see that when we drop down the
five minute chart and there's this small
little Gap here on the 15-minute time
frame 5 minute
that's that Gap there all through here
15 minute inversion fair value Gap it's
bearish why because this is a buy side
IM balance in the 15-minute time frame
it was and trading back down aiming
for liquidity
lower this area here
see the entry right inside of the
inversion F you got and then failing to
go
lower one was taken
off and the other
stopped so there's covering
one and then getting stopped on the
final
balance so that's the only activity I
had in the
last two sessions
back to this
now
for
e e
minor sides minor bides taken
here move
that focus is here mid
Gap
for e
inside that 5 minute volum of balance
from earlier as I mentioned
watching this down close
candle e
so what would you call today's delivery
so far what condition are we in after
taking you into the 15minute
chart are we in low resistance liquidity
run conditions or are we in high
resistance liquidity
run are you seeing Fair Val
gaps spending a lot of time inside them
so we're in high resistance liquidity
run that's why it's deliberant as it
is knowing
that concept I shared with you last week
you were able to anticipate this and sit
on your hands a little bit easier you
should have been able to sit on your
hands a little bit easier today it's put
that way and not need me to say that
myself or my son would sitting
still here's that first presented fair
value C on the one minute chart that
we're looking at over the perspective of
15c spending too much time in here too
much time in here do that
the problem is you'll see moves
afterwards and look back and say I wish
I would have done this wish I would have
done that nothing in here is high
probability
nothing and just because you see a setup
doesn't make that setup high
probability I'm teaching my son the look
for low resistance to quity run where
it's easy it rewards his patience and
quickly and almost near effortlessly
goes to his
targets he's got to work hard for his
profit he's trading in the wrong
conditions that's basically what I'm
getting
at it's easy to time the market easy to
frame low risk easy to find low hanging
for objectives partials and then
ultimate terms and low
resistance you want to trade in these
conditions you certainly can but you're
going to have a lot more stock pop outs
a lot more frustration and anxiety while
you're in the in the market and then in
the trades and I'm not trying to teach
that to my son I want him to go out
there and feel confident I want him to
feel comfortable while he's in the trade
not worrying about a continuous endless
fear of being stopped at and taking a
losing trade there's a better way of
doing it and that's what I'm teaching
you
seven and a half more minutes and then
the stream's going to end no matter what
it
does midweek I'm sorry um sorry opening
range
Gap midpoint is consequent cring up here
any movement beyond that takes us back
to new week opening Gap low
which is this level here and then
consequent
encroachment any movement back below the
first presented fair value gap on the
one minute chart which is this area here
shaded well not shaded let me let me
shade it now I'm
[Music]
sorry and anything below that that comes
back up and treats it as an inversion it
needs to if it's bearish let's say it
that way for the afternoon like say we
go up here and trade mid Gap or bump the
new week opening Gap if we break down
lower over lunch or into the afternoon
and we we trade below this and come back
up and hit it and then displace lower on
the 15sec chart and it creates a fair
value Gap that's something that I would
me personally that's how I would trade
the
afternoon but it would need to do the
things that this said here I'm not
saying I'm bearish I'm not saying I'm
long or bullish I'm presently still
looking for
this I highlighted this inefficiency
here because the way the Market's
delivering it's going to be without
Precision because we're in low I'm sorry
we're in high resistance liquidity run
so if it's going to lack Precision that
means it's not going to come back to my
first present a fair value Gap that's
what I
want I an this one here and you can see
the body staying inside that and then we
sent it higher respected the volume
imbalance here inside of it now like to
see it uh all there's a volume imbalance
right in here so it could it could Spike
down into that
see how it moves it's give and take but
it takes a l a lot more than what you'd
want to see in a low resistance
liquidity run
condition it makes a high the run that
makes the high it pulls back real deep
each
time that's not a fun Market to be in
especially when you're trying to build
large
positions it
feels
well it causes discomfort let's put it
that way whereas if you're trading in
low resistance liquidity run conditions
the markets are seems to want to go
where you want it to go and you just
feel on side there's no anxiety it's
just a quick smooth run right to where
you got to get to and you move to the
sidelines quickly and wait for the new
setups watch the volume and balance
still in that area right there
see the relative equal highs what's just
what's just above
that we got three minutes left I'm going
to end the
Stream e
there's your delivery you want to
screenshot that so see how they went up
into the volume balance left the
relative equal highs here took your
attention to the volume and balance
there I said it could Spike down into
that volume and balances are the least
in terms of rigidness I mentioned this
to you many times that means you got to
let it trade through it then come back
above it I said now watch it in here
again it makes the very low of the
volume in balance that means the body
that closing price on that Candlestick
look up
here look at this value right here
2,163
A5 this candles sticks
low be on it before it
moves 2,163 and a quarter so one tick
variance hits it and then rallies to
midgap your attention was taken into
this inbalance because it was not likely
to trade back down into our first
restive fair value G why why would it
not come back down into it because it's
already proven as I was talking about
this morning in the very little speaking
that I did
the the absence of
precision the fact that we spend so much
time inside the inefficiencies means
that we're in what we're in high
resistance liquidity runs high
resistance liquidity run conditions are
not going to have elements of precision
that means the things that you really
want to see deliver they may be deferred
they may have deeper retracements in the
price runs that you're part of but more
specifically it's not going to deliver
to the PD arays as perfect as a low
resistance liquidity run condition
Market would be so as I was indicating I
wanted to see this Gap this shaded one
here in Orange as the first one minute
presents the fair value gap between 9:31
and 10 o'clock in the morning Eastern
time I want I wanted to see a trade
above it here use it inversion and
displace higher and create a fair value
Gap you don't see that here on a 15sec
chart so there's no M trades there's no
stop out there's no wrong logic same
thing here it's trading above it now the
difference is because I had told you
that we're in high resistance it's not
likely to come back down into that so I
took you right into this inefficiency
right here and the bodies stop that and
then the small little Mohawk there I
mentioned that we would be reaching for
this as the initial draw in liquidity
that's my bias that's how I'm teaching
my son to look for that
bias even though it doesn't trade to it
within the first 30 minutes minutes by
10:00 I'm not I'm filtering I don't want
to see this as a shorting opportunity so
if it goes lower it's going to go
without me if it goes lower it's going
to go without Caleb so keeping my focus
on the mid Gap that consequent
encroachment of the discount opening Gap
we kep lower than Friday's settlement
price Friday settl price is up
here so sticking to one side of the
marketplace adhering to specific rules
but identifying High Resistance
liquidity run conditions that means if
you're going to tape rate you got to
have some understanding that you're not
going to probably get the very perfect
entry like a low resistance liquidity
run Market would deliver where it would
be trading Above This Gap here coming
back down touching it maybe going mid
Gap and then displace higher then
creating a fair value gap on the 15sec
chart that would be Caleb's setup that
that's how he would use it today but
because that was identified to you
beforehand that was high resistance
liquid and conditions that return back
that I was outlining as a setup wasn't
likely to deliver so I went in and I
framed this one and that's where the
body stopped we Wicked below it that's
the damage and then we rallied higher
volume of balance used here to run right
into consequent corion on the Gap so not
terribly exciting today I understand but
you know we got to work with what they
give us and that's that's all we can do
as a as a Speculator as a Trader and
you're going to want to watch this one
over again it's only an hour long but
there's a lot of things being shown here
that will help you and there's not a lot
of talking in it so hopefully you found
it insightful Lord willing I will see
you all tomorrow enjoy the rest of your
day and be safe